Add Digital Ocean use case verified (#4)
aucloud/terraform-provider-swarm: docs/guides/use_case_digital_ocean_swarm_cluster.md

---

> page_title: "Use Case: Digital Ocean Docker Swarm Cluster"
> ---
> # Swarm Provider Use Case - Digital Ocean 1 node manager and 1 worker cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: "Digitalocean Docker Swarm Cluster"
---
# Digitalocean Swarm Cluster with 1 manager node and 1 worker node
```
